Add usernameToChatAPI wrapper (#20)
python-telegram-bot/ptbcontrib: ptbcontrib/username_to_chat_api/README.md

# Wrapper for the [usernameToChatAPI](https://github.com/Poolitzer/usernameToChatAPI)

> This provides a wrapper for the [usernameToChatAPI](https://github.com/Poolitzer/usernameToChatAPI). The wrapper returns a Chat object like getChat would, and takes care of the (request) logic in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides a wrapper for the [usernameToChatAPI](https://github.com/Poolitzer/usernameToChatAPI). The wrapper returns a `telegram.Chat` object like `telegram.Bot.get_chat` would, and takes care of the (request) logic in the background.
```

I suggest to also make it clear that this requires a userbot in the background.

Author: hm? running the API you mean?

only if you actually run it, so it wouldn't make sense here. If you use an existing instance you personally don't need a userbot

Reviewer: sure, but I have a feeling that people will get confused & think that it's actually possible with the bot API and then we have to explain why there is `usernameToChatAPI`

Author: Aha.

```python
from ptbcontrib.username_to_chat_api import UsernameToChatAPI
from telegram import Bot, error

import time

bot = Bot("BOT_TOKEN")
# or you could get it from updater.bot
wrapper = UsernameToChatAPI("https://localhost:1234/", "RationalGymsGripOverseas", bot)
# this could be saved to bot_data, but should only be initiated once
try:
    chat = wrapper.resolve("poolitzer")
except error.RetryAfter as e:

>     time.sleep(e.retry_after)

Reviewer: shouldn't you retry after the sleep?

Author: yup

This provides a wrapper for the [usernameToChatAPI](https://github.com/Poolitzer/usernameToChatAPI). The wrapper returns a `telegram.Chat` object like `telegram.Bot.get_chat` would, and takes care of the (request) logic in the background.

> The API uses an userbot in the background to obtain thew information for the Chat object, this is not possible with the plain HTTP bot API (and that is the reason why this API exists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API uses an userbot in the background to obtain the information for the `Chat` object. This is not possible with the plain HTTP Bot API (and that is the reason why this API exists).
```
